8 Bit:Damage Dealer:Robot:2019:Has Hypercharge:Super Rare:Unknown
amber:Controller:Human:2020:No Hypercharge:Legendary:Female
angelo:Marksman:Animal:2024:Has Hypercharge:Epic:Male
ash:Tank:Robot:2021:No Hypercharge:Epic:Male
barley:Robot:Thrower:2017:Has Hypercharge:Rare:Male
bea:Marksman:Human:2019:No Hypercharge:Epic:Female
belle:Marksman:Human:2021:Has Hypercharge:Epic:Female
berry:Support:Animal:2024:No Hypercharge:Epic:Male
bibi:Tank:Human:2019:Has Hypercharge:Epic:Female
bo:Controller:Human:2017:No Hypercharge:Epic:Male
bonnie:Marksman:Human:2022:No Hypercharge:Epic:Female
shelly:Damage Dealer:Human:2017:Has Hypercharge:Starting Brawler:Female
nita:Damage Dealer:Human:2017:Has Hypercharge:Rare:Female
colt:Damage Dealer:Human:2017:Has Hypercharge:Rare:Male
bull:Tank:Human:2017:Has Hypercharge:Rare:Male
brock:Marksman:Human:2017:Has Hypercharge:Rare:Male
el primo:Tank:Human:2017:Has Hypercharge:Rare:Male
poco:Support:Other:2017:Has Hypercharge:Rare:Male
jessie:Controller:Human:2017:Has Hypercharge:Super Rare:Female
dynamike:Thrower:Human:2017:Has Hypercharge: Super Rare:Male
rico:Damage Dealer:Robot:2017:Has Hypercharge:Super Rare:Male
mortis:Assassin:Monster:2017:Has Hypercharge:Mythic:Male
spike:Damage Dealer:Monster:2017:Has Hypercharge:Legendary:Male
crow:Assassin:Animal:2017:Has Hypercharge:Legendary:Male
piper:Marksman:Human:2017:Has Hypercharge:Epic:Female
pam:Support:Human:2017:No Hypercharge:Epic:Female
tara:Damage Dealer:Human:2017:Has Hypercharge:Mythic:Female
darryl:Tank:Robot:2017:Has Hypercharge:Super Rare:Male
penny:Thrower:Human:2018:Has Hypercharge:Super Rare:Female
frank:Tank:Monster:2018:Has Hypercharge:Epic:Male
leon:Assassin:Human:2018:Has Hypercharge:Legendary:Male
gene:Controller:Monster:2019:Has Hypercharge:Mythic:Male
carl:Damage Dealer:Robot:2019:No Hypercharge:Super Rare:Male
rosa:Tank:Human:2019:Has Hypercharge:Rare:Female
tik:Thrower:Robot:2019:Has Hypercharge:Super Rare:Male
sandy:Controller:Human:2019:Has Hypercharge:Legendary:Male
emz:Controller:Monster:2019:Has Hypercharge:Epic:Female
max:Support:Human:2019:Has Hypercharge:Mythic:Female
mr P:Controller:Animal:2020:No Hypercharge:Mythic:Male
jacky:Tank:Human:2020:Has Hypercharge:Super Rare:Female
sprout:Thrower:Robot:2020:Has Hypercharge:Mythic:Unknown
gale:Controller:Human:2020:Has Hypercharge:Epic:Male
nani:Marksman:Robot:2020:Has Hypercharge:Epic:Female
surge:Damage Dealer:Robot:2020:Has Hypercharge:Legendary:Male
collette:Damage Dealer:Human:2020:Has Hypercharge:Epic:Female
lou:Controller:Robot:2020:Has Hypercharge:Mythic:Male
byron:Support:Human:2020:No Hypercharge:Mythic:Male
edgar:Assassin:Human:2020:Has Hypercharge:Epic:Male
ruffs:Support:Animal:2021:Has Hypercharge:Mythic:Male
stu:Assassin:Robot:2021:Has Hypercharge:Epic:Male
squeak:Controller:Other:2021:Has Hypercharge:Mythic:Male
buzz:Assassin:Animal:2021:Has Hypercharge:Mythic:Male
griff:Controller:Robot:2021:No Hypercharge:Epic:Male
meg:Tank:Human:2021:No Hypercharge:Legendary:Female
lola:Damage Dealer:Human:2021:No Hypercharge:Epic:Female
grom:Thrower:Human:2021:No Hypercharge:Epic:Male
fang:Assassin:Human:2022:Has Hypercharge:Mythic:Male
eve:Damage Dealer:Monster:2022:No Hypercharge:Mythic:Female
janet:Marksman:Human:2022:No Hypercharge:Mythic:Female
otis:Controller:Monster:2022:Hypercharge:Mythic:Male
sam:Assassin:Human:2022:No Hypercharge:Epic:Male
gus:Support:Human:2022:No Hypercharge:Super Rare:Male
buster:Tank:Human:2022:No Hypercharge:Mythic:Male
chester:Damage Dealer:Human:2022:No Hypercharge:Legendary:Male
gray:Support:Human:2023:No Hypercharge:Mythic:Male
mandy:Marksman:Human:2023:No Hypercharge:Epic:Female
rt:Damage Dealer:Robot:2023:No Hypercharge:Mythic:Male
willow:Controller:Monster:2023:No Hypercharge:Mythic:Female
maisie:Marksman:Human:2023:Has Hypercharge:Epic:Female
hank:Tank:Human:2023:Has Hypercharge:Epic:Male
cordelius:Assassin:Monster:2023:Has Hypercharge:Legendary:Male
doug:Support:Monster:2023:No Hypercharge:Mythic:Male
chuck:Damage Dealer:Human:2023:No Hypercharge:Mythic:Male
pearl:Damage Dealer:Robot:2023:Has Hypercharge:Epic:Female
charlie:Controller:Human:2023:Has Hypercharge:Mythic:Female
larry and lawrie:Thrower:Robot:2023:No Hypercharge:Epic:Male
kit:Support:Animal:2023:No Hypercharge:Legendary:Male
mico:Assassin:Animal:2023:Has Hypercharge:Mythic:Male
kenji:Assassin:Human:2024:No Hypercharge:Legendary:Male
shade:Assassin:Monster:2024:No Hypercharge:Epic:Male
juju:Thrower:Human:2024:No Hypercharge:Mythic:Female
moe:Damage Dealer:Animal:2024:No Hypercharge:Mythic:Male
draco:Tank:Human:2024:No Hypercharge:Legendary:Male
clancy:Damage Dealer:Animal:2024:No Hypercharge:Mythic:Male
lily:Assassin:Monster:2024:No Hypercharge:Mythic:Female
melodie:Assassin:Human:2024:No Hypercharge:Mythic:Female